1) She didn’t notice –the book-who-took
A) She didn't notice who took the book.
2) I haven’t been- restaurant- to a Japanese.
A) I haven't been to a japanese resturant.
3) Was my sister- who- called me- the person.
A) The person who called me was my sister.
4) We wondered –would-fit in here- whether the new piano.
A) We wondered whether the new piano would fit in here.
5) The packet- tomorrow morning- will be sent 
A) Tomorrow morning the packet will be sent.
6) I have- my homework- finished 
A) I have finished my homework.
7) The samples- last week- were delivered 
A) The samples were delivered last week'
8) Was reading- my mother-her favourite magazine.
A) My mother was reading her favourite magazine.
9) Very old- is- this house 
A) This house is very old.
10) For her birthday- I sent my mother- some flowers.
A) I sent my mother some flowers for her birthday.
11) The horse- the cowboy- rides on.
A) The cowboy rides on the horse.
12) The falling- very pretty- leaves are.
A) The falling leaves are very pretty.
13) The dishes- did you -finish cleaning.
A) Did you finish cleaning the dishes?
14) To the library- Eric once- drive.
A) Eric once drive to the library.
15) Rain today- it is going to-I think.
A) I think it is going to rain today.
16) What movie- last night- did you watch.
A) What movie did you watch last night
17) Yourself- it-do.
A) Do it yourself.
18) In the-bed--stay.
A) stay in the bed.
19) All the coffee- he- drank.
A) He drank all the coffee.
20) For the test- studied a lot-I.
A) I studied a lot for the test.
21) For8000$-he had sold-his small farm.
A) He sold his small farm for 8000$.
22) In his direction- I looked- for a second.
A) I looked for a second in his way.
23) My boss- to London- moved.
A) My boss moved to London.
24) Of your family- any pictures- do you have.
A) Do you have any pictures of your family?
25) To their leader- listen carefully- the young man
A) The Young man listen carefully to their leader.
26) Real smiles and fake smiles- by different parts of the brain- are controlled
A) Real smiles and fake smiles are controlled by different parts of the brain.
27) Of those weeks- had one - have you ever 
A) Have you ever had one of those weeks.
28) Requires some preparation- at a job interview- making a good impression
A) Making a good impression at a job interview requires some preparation.
29) Shows respect- being punctual- in Korea
A) Being punctual in korea shows respect.
30) You should-actual experience and qualifications- speak
A) You should speak actual experience and qualifications.
31) You should-while working- not eat
A) You should not eat while working.
32) Where should- this weekend-we go
A) Where should we go this weekend.
33) The weather-nice-should be
A) The weather should be nice.
34) To the airport- take him- she will
A) She will taje him to the airport.
35) Report is- due today-that financial
A) That financial report is due today.
36) You should select- your family's needs - insurance that suits
A) You should select insurance that suits your family needs.
37) She was ready- to begin the trial-the judge told them
A) The judge told them she was ready to begain the trail.
38) We - leaving-are
A) We are leaving.
39) Tomorrow- can you still - pick me up tomorrow
A) ?
40) Working- that radio-has stopped
A) That radio has stopped working.
41) Your business card directly- to present- remember
A) Remember to present your business card directly
42) Haven't you- abroad-you've lived
A) You've lived abroad. haven't you?
43) For myself- to buy one-I'd like.
A) I'd like to buy one for myself
44) Many farmers- growing corn-stopped
A) Many farmers stopped growing corn
45) The green ones- than the blue ones- are more expensive.
A) The green ones are more expensive than the blue ones
46) Receive a bonus -the workers-will not.
A) The workers will not receive a bonus
47) That my computer- sometimes I wish- would be more reliable
A) Sometimes I wish that my computer would be more reliable
48) Next week-when does-the workshop start 
A) When does next week the workshop start
49) For a large bowl-of chicken soup- the customer asked.
A) The customer asked for a large bowl of chicken soup
50) Are they-where-going.
A) Where are they going?
51) Had been working-your ream-the hardest.
A) Your ream had been working the hardest
52) Was asleep-by then-nearly everybody
A) Everybody was a sleep neraly by then.
53) Has been delivered-he doesn't know-if the letter.
A) He doesn't know if the letter has been delivered.
54) Into this country- three teenagers-brought the rare painting
A) Three teenagers brought the rare painting into this country
55) Was listening to- my sister- her favourite music
A) My sister was listening to her favourite music.
56) Has been repaired- by her daughter- the computer
A) The computer has been repaired by her daughter.
57) A lockdown-it was- we thought
A) We thought it was a lockdown.
58) So small-is-the world
A) The world is so small.
59) Have been- it could- something else
A) It could have been something else.
60) Or cancelled- the concert-will be postponed
A) The concert will be postponed or cancelled.
61) Long age- were born- my grand parents
A) My grand parents were born long ago.
62) Open- please leave-the door.
A) Please leave the open door.
63) To the radio- listening-I am
A) I am listening to the radio.
64) Doing-how are-you.
A) How are you doing?
65) Singer- who is-your favourite.
A) Who is your favourite singer?
66) All the- were broken- windows.
A) All the windows were broken.
67) This milk- very good- doesn't taste.
A) This milk doesn't taste very good.
68) Can't stay- there-she.
A) She can't stay there.
69) Worried-about his father-raj.
A0 Raj worried about his father.
70) Advised her-to go to bed-the doctor.
A) The doctor advised her to go to bed.
71) What had occurred-in her absence- they discovered
A) They discovered what had occured in her absense.
72) Me-later-call.
A) NCall me later.
73) As many videos- he will make-as he can.
A) He will make as many videocalls as he can
74) From Mumbai-the flight-is delayed.
A) The flight is delayed from mumbai.
75) Easily offended-not-I am.
A) I am not easily offended.
76) Staying here- how long-are you.
A) How long are you staying here.
77) Of mine- he is-a friend.
A) He is a friend of mine.
78) Next door-is for sale-the house.
A) The house is for next door.
79) That mess- his brother-cleaned up.
A) His brother cleaned up that mess.
80) Available later today-the new training-schedule will be
A) The new training schedule will be availabe later today .
81) Our recent report-in detail-describe the finding
A) Our recent report describe the finding in detail.
82) All the-were broken-windows
A) All the windows were broken.
83) Talked -with the dog-why
A) Why with the dog talked.
84) Some old friends- to see-we are going.
A) We are going to see some old friends.
85) That building-internet access- has limited
A) That building has limited internet access.
86) Prices-these-are high
A) These are high prices.
87) Choose someone-let's-to leave the group
A) Let's choose someone to leave the group.
88) Your name on the page-on fornt-make sure you write.
A) On front make sure you write your name on the page .
89) Were unwilling to help- and her assistant-the manager
A) The manger and her assistant were willing to help.
90) Fix the paper jam-of the machine to-open the top cover
A) ?
91) Mark-the missing money-wondered about
A) Mark wondered about the missing money.
92) This booklet-what you need-clearly discribes
A) This booklet clearly describes what you need.
93) Of every transaction-the two secretaries-kept an accurate record of
A) The two secretaries kept an accurante record of every transaction.
94) You can-a password-easily create
A) You can easily create a password.
95) A meal- I often-be due
A) I often be due a meal.
96) You learned this- how fast-I am amazed
A) I am amazed how fast you learned this.
97) Has fortunately-became vacant- the office nearby
A) The office nearby has fortunately became vacant.
98) Left immediately-after the meeting ended- the sales man
A) The sales man left immediately after the meeting ended.
99) There are-problems to discuss- a lot of
A) There are a lot of problems to discuss
